Update crystal shards location (#558)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/guides/writing_shards.md

#### Optimizing

It's hard for anyone to use your project if they can't find it.

> Take a look [here](https://crystal-lang.org/community/#shards) for more information on where to find shards

Reviewer: I despise "here" links.
```suggestion
There are several services for discovering shards, a list is available on the [Crystal Community page](https://crystal-lang.org/community/#shards).
```
